#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via flask-restful
apispec==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.7.0
    # via flask
click==8.1.7
    # via flask
flasgger==0.9.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flasgger
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
flask-marshmallow==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-restful==0.3.10
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via flask
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via flasgger
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mistune==3.0.2
    # via flasgger
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   apispec
    #   flasgger
    #   gunicorn
    #   marshmallow
pytz==2024.1
    # via flask-restful
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via flasgger
referencing==0.34.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   flasgger
    #   flask-restful
sqlalchemy==2.0.29
    # via
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via sqlalchemy
werkzeug==3.0.2
    # via flask
